Mkdocs material documentation (#58)
slub/ocrd_kitodo: docs/index.md

# Integration of OCR-D and Kitodo

> This page is an overview of the integration of OCR-D with Kitodo documentation and related resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This site hosts the documentation for the integration of [OCR-D](https://ocr-d.de) with [Kitodo](https://www.kitodo.org).

 This page provides an overview and links to related resources.
```

## Project

> Our implementation project "[Integration of Kitodo and OCR-D for productive mass digitisation](https://ocr-d.de/en/phase3#integration-of-kitodo-and-ocr-d-for-productive-mass-digitisation)" is intended to enable the use of OCR-D in mass digitization with Kitodo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our [DFG-funded implementation project](https://ocr-d.de/en/phase3) 
["Integration of Kitodo and OCR-D for productive mass digitisation"](https://ocr-d.de/en/phase3#integration-of-kitodo-and-ocr-d-for-productive-mass-digitisation)
is intended to enable the use of Open Source OCR with OCR-D in mass digitization workflows with Kitodo.
```
